listen this movie feels like an early
2000s film he's one of those movies
that's meant to come out Thanksgiving as
it builds up for the Christmas season
but I feel like I already owned this one
on VHS so it's definitely a combo price
for me and also people were having the
Mandela effect just hearing the name
Suzanne but what's funny is that he's
actually the original Captain Marvel yet
his own series back in the 1930s and
then DC sued them cuz they thought he
was too similar to Superman and I guess
that didn't matter cuz they bought the
rights kept the powers and just
rebranded him to Shazam what's funny is
that at one point way back in the past
this character was making more money
than Superman and well you know how a
lot of people think we're reliving 2007
brah it's like the 1930s in here so in
case you don't know anything about this
series I definitely get into spoilers in
order to break down why it works so make
sure you go watch it cuz I'm telling you
it's definitely worth it let me explain
now for starters I have to pay my
respects to sing you are David F
Sandberg if you watch any LME even if
you watch them A to Z videos I have
adamantly praised as dude and this come
up that he's had like you know how
there's an abundance of video essays
covering Fincher Tarantino and Nolan
well I've been shouting this guy out
since before it becomes a trend this guy
was in his 30s making short films that
he was still hosting on YouTube before
they went viral and he was able to make
lights out homie then becomes best buds
with one I guess because he killed it
with the conjuring movie he made then as
Juan went up to DC dude comes in and
also makes the best DC movie yet and the
best part of it is that no matter how
big the budget gets he's still putting
his own spin on it like Shazam feels
like a fantasy movie sort of like Harry
Potter and The Mummy and that's the
reason why I love it so much but you
know what got me with this was that I
was looking at the credits of Shazam and
realized that his wife who he was making
short films with back in the day
actually played the researcher in Shazam
who got arced of the Covenant and
actually has been in every single one of
his movies no matter how big they've
gotten so I was already inspired by his
come up but then I go onto her Twitter
account and I see her profile say making
films with my boo but then I go on his
and he has the same thing damn like
those who don't know this whole channel
has been us too my girlfriend and I
watch every single movie together we go
to every single festival
together she's the one who edits all of
these videos and our main goal with
telling these little stories has always
been to build an audience of movie
lovers who I don't know maybe one day
will give us their ellamy on our movies
so these two right here have me feeling
away so shout out to all the couples
pushing each other and their dreams
anyways as far as Shazam here's the
wisdom of Solomon the strength of
Hercules the stamina of Atlas power of
Zeus courage of Achilles speed of
mercury and hopefully a better box
office than his mates all he has to do
is say the name and he gets his
superpowers and considering this
universe started off super dark and it
seemed like you had a way for the dlc to
even get the full movie I'm kind of
liking this new route that they're going
for with the anti cinematic universe it
could be abuse on video pretty much it
seems like none of the upcoming movies
for DC are even connected there's like a
whole nother Joker they swapped out half
the cast for the Suicide Squad movie
which I guess is already a reboot in and
of itself so if DC is treating their
movies like they do their comics
personally I'm excited if you've been a
comic book reader you know there's like
27 different pet main series going on at
the same time sometimes the books
correlate sometimes they don't sometimes
they look similar because they share the
same artist you'll be reading a book and
randomly it'll get rebooted back to
number one I don't know so while doing
that with the movies maybe confusing I
think I think maybe core to have options
that way you may find a joker you like
and that'll be better than you know
getting stuck with one and having a way
till the next decade again it's a
cinematic anti verse in terms of the
movie you follow this kid named Billy
Batson who lost his mom when he was
younger so he's hopping from different
sets of foster families he's raised in
Philly so he's as blunt as can be
dudes duping police officers in order to
find his mom's address but I mean these
cops are eating Geno's so they kind of
earned it go to Max's bro ante Oh
Sheldon comes in who I'm pretty sure is
playing the same role that she did in
lights out which was also David's movie
she was playing a social worker there so
shout out to the man keeping his crew
but she's the one who finds Billy a new
foster family to take care of him and I
don't care how angsty you are I don't
care how mad you are you wouldn't have
to convince me to stay with these
people right here I like all usually
foster parents for the most part in
movies have been you know kind of
getting the negative side of things and
now movies are kind of flipping that on
its head especially with these two who
are talking about how you gotta build
the home and then show them love man
they say mark who Billy then sort of
befriends Freddy who's a superhero
fishin Otto and I really like this actor
because while he does look like The
Princess Bride kid not only is this kid
hilarious like he wasn't it but if you
saw a beautiful boy he also played
younger Timmy and he might just take
that mantle in the future but I love how
they're fans of Heroes within this movie
and that brings a different viewpoint
you know it's our viewpoints they have
the merch the collectibles they would be
the ones waiting in line or shopping on
Fandango to get tickets to their own
movie
so when Billy Batson becomes Shazam I
was freaking dying in that scene like to
him this is the weirdest position to be
in because he has no idea that this guy
is a wizard Billy straight-up told
Digimon over here sorry dude I got no
money and the wizard was like hey touch
my staff and say my name it was like no
thank you saying dusky but what's so
cool about this fantasy element is that
it reminded me of one of my favorite TV
shows which I don't want to spoil in
case some people having gone to that
season but you know what I'm talking
about when I say beings looking for
replacements on top of that I loved how
they messed with tropes like there's
always that convenient convenience store
where a mugging is happening but the way
that they did it here for training at
that was cool also how they how they
sawed off the beer in the trailer right
we don't give enough credit to the
marketing team when they think ahead of
them controversy we just always
complained learning powers Chronicle
style was great especially when they
uploaded it to YouTube and then probably
got hit with a Warner Bros strike
Freddie then becomes his manager and at
a point Billy even gets so money hungry
he's just using his powers for like
those Times Square people wearing
costumes asking for money that then
leads to the cliche of saving the bus
from a bridge which actually was caused
by him I also really like the villain
saying his master plan but he was too
far away it's all great stuff
Billy wise though he was i as a kid
Thaddius you're already setting him up
to be one as the kid Thaddeus was
transported to that same realm to be
conscious AM but then the wizard last
second was like yes are you ain't worthy
kid but why'd you even waste my time now
not saying getting told you're not
special should make you evil
you know I'm not saying give all
Millennials participation trophies or
they'll become super villains but the
fantasy friday night lights dudes will
really carry on a dream even after
they've lost it the dumb part is that
this guy wants power even though he
already has an entire staff of
researchers working for him
my man literally is John P Sullivan with
all the doors yes coming in and out he's
like waternoose 2/4 over here with how
obsessed he is with magic that when he
finally finds it he gets possessed by
the seven deadly sins now these things
look like gargoyles that came out of him
and I didn't think it was cool how some
like Creed specifically had more hands
to reach for more things but according
to Total Film and I can't fully confirm
this because it's not on the IMDB Andy
Serkis helped with the mocap but I don't
know what I do know is that the board
meeting scene where he goes after his
father and brother are you sure this was
pg-13 dude for a second I thought David
forgot he wasn't into conjuring universe
anymore like this was some Resident Evil
deaths that were going on chomping on
heads throwing them out the window man I
loved it then I don't know where this
scene happens you know and I think
there's a handful of scenes that have
pushed through the superhero genre that
have impacted us like very much
emotionally you know most recently is
the Spidey not feeling good and I would
say outfits cry the entirety of Logan
while I'm adding this punch into the mix
the scene where Billy finds his mom and
realizes that she didn't lose him but
left him did David what the hell like
when you think about how every superhero
story like think about this every
superhero story pretty much revolves
around them losing a parent and this one
flips that on its head by having the
parent leave the child
[Music]
it egami before I wrap the ending I'll
be honest here and mentioned some things
that didn't work for me
I think everybody feels the same way
about the bullies like what kind of
convicts were these two
I also wish they fleshed out a bit more
of the siblings because while I can't
speak for them if they kind of feel like
an episode at Jesse where they were just
you know filling in a quota mainly
because they weren't given much
personally I don't think Billy would be
the one to floss also considering how
cynical he is he'd probably make fun of
it but then I was this one thing that
may be super minor but I had to deal
with the music and unless it was my
screening there was this thing that
would happen in between scenes where the
soundtrack would rise while the scenes
about to end but then in the next thing
that gets muted maybe it was me but I
know some other people were noticing it
oh wait I still loved the movie those
are the only problems that I had with it
and then there was that ending that I
loved see this is the part where I say
it's a Christmas movie because all
Christmas movies are really about a
family working together not saying that
superhero movies don't have that but
usually their loved ones are on the side
but when they turn to all the siblings
into superheroes so they could fight
together not only did I think the
characters worked better in those bodies
but that entire sequence had to be
smiling look you know how in civil war
that Airport scene makes you feel like
you're playing with action figures on
the big screen
well that fan perspective that the movie
has makes that climax feel like you're
superheroes with your friends that may
sound corny I don't care because I loved
it and that goes back to these two who
always work together and have that
family aspect because I truly believe
that the best way for a family to bond
is if they work together obviously
everyone can still do their own thing
and you know show each other support but
there's a big difference when you don't
have to come home from work and recap
your day because they were there with
you that's what they showed in this
movie that's what these two have and I
can concur it's one of the best bonding
experiences like no other so yeah I
really like this movie the rumor is that
the sequel fridge is actually going to
be a spin-off based on the villain and
considering it's the rock who's playing
Black Adam I'm freaking excited
the idea of DC having villain movies is
just like that villains month they had
in the comics so I'm geeking out like
crazy and I don't really know what the
mastermind worm is going to do I'm aware
of it I read the comics but I'll be
completely honest with you
considering Teen Titans already
grilled the hell out of it the only
thing you're gonna destroy firstly can
take it too serious but it is meant to
be a major villain who's actually a
genius it's just stuck in that body and
what's interesting is that it's actually
the director who voices the worm so
it'll be cool to see if you know it
becomes his court if mr. mine builds up
to be as big as Thanos if it gets its
own miniseries perhaps collectibles if
it's able to create a new iconic rivalry
that puts these two in the forefront of
pop culture but what I do know is that
y'all better adapt this book first thank
you guys for checking out this video
here's to know your thoughts down below
in the comment section I really like
this movie yeah I know that there are
some things maybe the CG I've heard some
people have some gripes about it but I
haven't seen anyone who hates this movie
or thinks it's boring and I would say
that it goes all the way to the credits
that feel like a Saturday morning
cartoon even that final lunch scene
where are you Henry have you not shaved
yeah I have no idea why he didn't appear
I don't know if he's Fez Jack I don't
know who's still employed for DC I'll
say that but the fact that the brothers
finally were able to like be there for
each other it's a beautiful movie man
you know I had I heard someone come out
saying it's about time a male lead got a
good movie at do you see that's true I'm
excited for what comes next I'm actually
excited for DC movies now after they
broke me I made that video long ago
obviously I was still watching them but
I I wasn't excited for when this movie
killed it be it the director cuz I love
his work and loved seeing his comic just
be it how how they were just able to
adapt it or this new look that Joker
trailer also looks dope I don't really
do trailer reactions so I'm reacting it
to it right here that trailer is crazy
I'm Kirsten on your thoughts whether you
liked it whether you didn't I don't
think everyone did but I let me know
your thoughts down below in the comment
section don't forget to comment like and
subscribe and you'll get your own DC
movie which will get rebooted before
it's done